\# Project Name \> You are required to model the demand for shared bikes
with the available independent variables. It will be used by the
management to understand how exactly the demands vary with different
features. They can accordingly manipulate the business strategy to meet
the demand levels and meet the customer\'s expectations. Further, the
model will be a good way for management to understand the demand
dynamics of a new market.

\## Table of Contents \* \[General Info\](#general-information) \*
\[Technologies Used\](#technologies-used) \*
\[Conclusions\](#conclusions)

\<!\-- You can include any other section that is pertinent to your
problem \--\>

\## General Information want to understand the factors affecting the
demand for these shared bikes in the American market. The company wants
to know: Which variables are significant in predicting the demand for
shared bikes. How well those variables describe the bike demands

\<!\-- You don\'t have to answer all the questions - just the ones
relevant to your project. \--\>

\## Conclusions - The linear regression model was able to predict bike
demand precisely with an R2 Score of more than 80%. - Linear Model Eq:
cnt = yr\* 0.226001 + temp\*0.589158 + hum\*(-0.202859) +
windspeed\*(-0.200406) + season_2\*0.084457 + season_4\*0.136464 +
mnth_5\*0.004617+mnth_9\*0.103810 + weekday_6\*0.022941 +
weathersit_2\*(-0.039423) + weathersit_3\*(-0.243014) + 0.237186

\<!\-- You don\'t have to answer all the questions - just the ones
relevant to your project. \--\>

\## Technologies Used - numpy - version 1.23.5 - pandas - version
1.5.2 - matplotlib - version 3.6.2 - seaborn - version 0.12.2 -
scikit-learn - version 1.2.2 - statsmodels - version 0.13.5

\## Contact Created by \[@Rsuhaspavadi\] - feel free to contact me!
